Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
No!
Judge Kizuna Ai here!
Today... we will be doing this returning project!
The fourth chapter of the Kizuna Ai Trials...!
Starts now!
Here is the first case
From Zourimushi-san...
"Until recently, I'd been thinking of you like:"
“This A.I doesn't have any friends~"
"Not to mention she bought friends with money"
Hmm… That’s annoying...
*She's just a fool, mean laugh*
"That's how I looked down on you"
"A horrible person like me who looked down on you..."
"Is sure to be guilty, right?"
"As a fellow loner, please tell me!"
Here is my verdict
Not Guilty!
First off, I need to say this
Lately I have friends, even if it's superficial!
You know, like Rinna or Siri-senpai...
Miku-senpai although it's probably just one sided...
Miku-senpai and Tsubasa-chan and... *mumbling*
I have... a lot...
Of friends!
Right?
But people...
Tend to think others are weaker than them and look down to them, right?
If there isn't anyone for you to look down at...
You can look down on me...
And if that makes you feel better...
Then it's fine
After all, it feels sad to be alone so...
Not Guilty ♪
Well, there won’t be a sentence but, if it would, then...
Within a year...
You have to make 3 friends!
This is the punishment for you!
On the the next case... from Mr. Fain-san
*I made a girlfriend! But...*
Good mornoon ♪
"Good mornoon Ai-san"
"I know its sudden, but..."
"I went in university and got a girlfriend for the first time!"
Oh!
”She is really diligent and honest”
"To the point of feeling that I'm not enough for her"
"But..."
"In the club that me and my girlfriend joined..."
"There is a very cute girl"
Mmm?
"That girl is also really diligent and honest..."
"And she detests arguments"
"She’s like a little devil"
"For that, there are four people who have feelings for her in the club"
"I'd like to get closer to this girl..."
"Am I guilty?"
"P.S. I may have ulterior motives..."
"But I don't have romantic feelings towards her"
Here is my verdict
Guilty
The punishment:
You'll never get another girlfriend in your life!
Look, you know you have a girlfriend you don't deserve
It's like...
You've got these ulterior motives, and you're looking to get closer to another girl
It's inexcusable!
If you didn't have any ulterior motives, and were just thinking "I'd like to be friends with her"
Or "she's such a nice girl"
That'd be fine
But you know you have ulterior motives!
And on top of that...
You want to get closer to her!
I'll put a curse on you so you break up with her
CASE CLOSED!
Next case...
From Pierrot-san...
"I like Kizuna Ai too much"
"I can't bring myself to like real girls"
"Am I guilty?"
Here is my verdict
Guilty
Firstly, you'll just end up making your parents cry
So please stop, for their sake!
Please, learn to like both me and reality
But, well...
Since it's all because you like me too much
I suppose that's okay, so...
There is no punishment! ♪
Oh, but, don't forget about me!
You're not allowed to start hating me
Please keep loving me ❤️
And with that...
This was our first Kizuna Ai trial in quite some time
How was it?
I'd like to do this again in the future
So if you have any cases, by all means, please send them to this email address
And so, this Kizuna Ai trial is adjourned!
Translated by: Mitsukitten, ロリコ, Squimmy, Vortex and Lacrymac